This document contains the last minute modifications which do not appear in 
the manual.

Please read this document before starting the game.


This game supports:

	- VGA, CGA and Tandy 1000 graphics cards.

	- Disney Sound Source, ProAudio, Roland, Sound Blaster, 
	  Adlib and compatible soundboards.

	- An analogue joystick.



Installing the game on the hard disk:

	Put the first disk into drive A, type 'A:', then type
	'INSTALL C:' (if your hard drive is called 'C'), followed
	by the 'ENTER' key.

	The installation program will guide you the install.

	You may quit the installation at any time by pressing 
	CTRL-C.



Automatic detection and changable options:

	The program will automatically detect your configuration
	(graphics card, sound card, etc... ).

	You may override the auto detection if you desire by either
	running the program CONFIG (called automatically by the
	installation program on the hard drive) or by specifying
	options on the command line.

	To do this you must add the command after 'ANOTHER'.
	If you want more than one option you must separate each
	with a space.


	List of user options:

	- V : VGA graphics card
	- E : EGA graphics card
	- T : Tandy 1000 graphics card
	- S : Sound Blaster sound card
	- A : Adlib sound card
	- H : Internal speaker
	- K : Keyboard
	- J : Analogue joystick
	- C : Calibrate joystick
	- 1 : Music and effects of the best quality
	- 2 : Music and effects of lesser quality
	- N : NoSound : turns the sound off completely



Explanation of the different music and sound effect options:

	During the game with the sound on you will hear
	digital music and sound effects in four voices (Yes, even
	with an Adlib card!!).

	This new technique allows you to hear music and effects of great
	realism, but unfortunately takes up much processor time.

	If your machine is not very fast the game will run slower than
	normal.

	Here is what you can do to speed up the game:

	- Don't use any memory add-ons (such as EMM386, QEMM etc...)
	  In fact, certain versions of these memory expanders take up
	  a lot of time and considerably slow down the game.

	- If the game is running a little slow, use option 2
	  ('ANOTHER 2'). The sound is slightly lower in quality but
	   the game will be much faster.

	- If you have a soundblaster card, even though you have the
	  best quality sound card, it is the one that demands the most
	  amount of processor time.
	  If the game is too slow you can run in Adlib mode ('ANOTHER A').
	  You lose a little bit in quality, but gain a lot in speed.
	  
	- If you still find the game too slow use the 'No sound' option.
	  You will no longer have any sound but the game will run at its
	  fastest.



Note concerning the usage of a joystick:

	Even if you own an analog joystick the program will execute
	in the default keyboard mode (fastest).
	To be able to use a joystick, select option 'J'.
	When the program starts up it will assume that the joystick is
	centered and will take a measurement of that.

	This measurement may not be exact and will make the joystick
	control unprecise. If this happens you can force a more
	exact measurement of your joystick (a callibration) by using
	the option 'C' when starting up the game ('ANOTHER C').

	NOTE: Using an analog joystick demands lots of program time.
	If you find the game is a bit slow then play the game with
	the keyboard.






HAVE FUN !!!!


